
Other data sources, such as task descriptions, change histories, and
news feeds provide context for usage data collection and enable a new
set of applications. In this section, we outline the related work that
combines usage data with other software engineering data sources.

\subsubsection{Tasks}

%Mylin
Mylin is a popular extension to the Eclipse IDE that performs task
management, reducing the effort for a developer to switch between
tasks and to maintain relevant information for each
task~\cite{Kersten-Mylin}. In the context of a specific task, Mylin
collects usage data in order to compute a degree-of-interest (DOI)
value for each program element, which represents the interest the
developer has in a particular program element for a specific
task. Program elements that are frequently interacted with have a
higher DOI value, and are displayed to the programmer as part of his
or her task context.  In this way, Mylin filters unnecessary
information from the IDE, displaying only program elements relevant to
the specific developer task.


\subsubsection{Change History}


%FastDash
The FastDash tool enables real-time awareness of other developers'
actions (e.g. focus or edits to a specific file) by utilizing usage
data in concert with the source files and
directories~\cite{FastDash}. FastDash's purpose is to reduce faults
caused by lack of communication and lack of awareness of activities
that other developers are performing on the same code base. The tool
highlights other developer's activity as it is occuring using a
sophisticated dashboard on the developer's screen.

